Track 12.11
Marta: Hi, Lucas. Can you hear me?
Lucas: Hi, Marta.
Yes, I can see you and hear you.
Where are you now?
Marta: I’m in Los Angeles for three days.
I took the bus from San Diego yesterday.
Lucas: What are you going to do there?
Marta: Well, today after breakfast,
I’m going to visit a film studio
and go shopping in Rodeo Drive.
Lucas: Wow! Rodeo Drive is expensive.
Marta: I just want to look around.
Maybe I’ll see someone famous!
What about you?
Lucas: It’s not raining here,
so I’m going to take the dog for a walk.
Then I’m going to have dinner and read a book.
Marta: What about Mum and Dad?
Are they at home with you?
Lucas: Mum’s here, but she’s in the shower.
She’s going to meet some friends later
and go to the cinema.
Dad went out a few minutes ago.
He’s going to play tennis with Uncle Raffa.
Marta: Oh, right.
Lucas: Anyway, tell me the rest of your plans.
Marta: Well, tomorrow morning
I’m going to go to the beach
and in the afternoon I have a ticket for an American football game.
But Thursday is the best day.
I’m going to spend the day at Disneyland!
Lucas: Wow! That sounds fantastic.
Marta: It is – America is great!
After Los Angeles,
I’m going to take a bus to Las Vegas,
and after that, Dallas and New Orleans.
Lucas: Well, have a good time.
Marta: Thanks, Lucas. Tell Mum and Dad I’ll phone them tomorrow.
Lucas: Will do!
They’ll be happy to hear from you.
Bye!
Marta: Bye!